Editorial review: Document FileSystemObserver (#38270)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemchangerecord/index.md

---
title: FileSystemChangeRecord
slug: Web/API/FileSystemChangeRecord
page-type: web-api-interface
---

{{APIRef("File System API")}}

> The **`FileSystemChangeRecord`** dictionary of the {{domxref("File System API", "File System API", "", "nocode")}} contains details of a single change observed by a {{domxref("FileSystemObserver")}}.

Reviewer: @wbamberg @chrisdavidmills Any reason for documenting this dictionary in its own page rather than inlining it, as per our typical policy?

Reviewer 2: It's discussed here: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/38270#discussion_r1968536990. Arguably, because it's a large and complex object, it's easier to read the docs when it is a separate page than when it is inline.

Reviewer 2: I don't feel very strongly though. I don't think this is a clear "use a dictionary" case - in particular, it is only used in that one place. But I could see the constructor page getting pretty unwieldy with all those indented lists to keep straight.

Reviewer: OK that sounds reasonable. Just making sure we are not making more undesirable stuff that we have to clean up laer.

> The **`FileSystemChangeRecord`** dictionary of the {{domxref("File System API", "File System API", "", "nocode")}} represents objects containing details of all the changes observed by a {{domxref("FileSystemObserver")}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`FileSystemChangeRecord`** dictionary of the {{domxref("File System API", "File System API", "", "nocode")}} contains details of a single change observed by a {{domxref("FileSystemObserver")}}.
```

(it doesn't represent an object, it is an object. It represents a change in the file system, and AFAIK it does not contain "all changes", just one.)

> An array of `FileSystemChangeRecord` objects is available in the `records` array passed into the {{domxref("FileSystemObserver.FileSystemObserver", "FileSystemObserver()")}} constructor's callback function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `records` argument passed into the {{domxref("FileSystemObserver.FileSystemObserver", "FileSystemObserver()")}} constructor's callback function is an array of `FileSystemChangeRecord` objects.
```
